---
layout: post
title: Do-Ocracy
---  

It has been quite a few months since I last updated this blog! Where has the time gone? Have I STOPPED doing things wrong? 

Au contraire, dear reader, I assure you it's been quite the opposite.  In fact, I have been so busy doing things wrong that I have struggled to maintain this here blog (not that the world NEEDS another blogger, but you get my drift).

I lost a few additional members of my development team, til we were down to 2 -- count 'em -- TWO developers, out of 12. No Product, no Design, no QA. Just two of us, doing the work of a dozen.  It was a whirlwind of learning and making mistakes, and I'm afraid blogs just don't garner a ton of attention in the midst of all that. 

Anyway, enough about that. I'm here, I've moved on to another team, and I've got a new plan: 
Continue making mistakes, only now let's make them IN PUBLIC!

I've been trying to convince myself to participate in Open Source for like, ever. I'm not kidding. EVER!

But I don't do it. Why? Because I have all these idea about spooky bad guys (or gals) being mean to me and me getting sucked into YELLING AT PEOPLE ON THE INTERNET, and I just cannot. 

But I recognize that that's also kinda bullshit, so I have given myself the following challenge: 
Participate at least 1 time per day for the next 30. 

What does Participate look like? I'm glad you asked. 

On **GitHub:**
1. Leave a comment: clarifying an existing issue/feature request
2. Leave a comment: asking a question (that we hope is useful)
3. Add a label to an issue
4. Leave a comment: bumping an issue so maintainers revisit/close/take action. 
5. READ THROUGH THE ISSUE QUEUE (if you are feeling particularly sissy)
6. Submit a failing test for an open issue.
7. Resolve merge conflicts for open PRs.
8. SUBMIT A PATCH!

On **StackOverflow:**
1. Leave a comment: ask a clarifying question
2. Answer simple questions!

That doesn't seem so hard, right? 

Let's give it a shot and see what happens. Will I write a blog post about it each day? Shit, I hope so. Am I committing to that? 


..........................probably not.
